todo.md, before:

# to do/to update list

will be trying to update this list and adding check boxes - [x] and - [ ]

## Get Session Props

- [x] root layout has to getServerSession() and check if it's auth or not.
- [x] Doing authentication and returning lowest role when no user is logged in (session is null)
- [ ] Rearrange route permissions and add more providers other than Google.
- [ ] Fix and organize code involving roles, permissions, and rendering: "page-maps", "auth-middleware", "global-nav", and "RootLayout".
- [ ] move getServerSession into getServerSideProps() (if possible) or other server sided function.
- [ ] limit getServerSession so it doesn't trigger on every new render.
- [ ] role verification and redirect in case of bypassed access.

## "Decent" design for pages within each section

- [ ] come up with something ok for main root page
- [ ] come up with something ok for pages under "Account"
      --- [ ] simple design for management dashboard
      --- [ ] simple design for acc settings (nexusmods)
      --- [ ] simple design for profile
      --- [ ] simple design for editable/shareable notes (maybe move to another category)
- [ ] come up with something ok for pages under "Expenses"
      --- [ ] redo expenses layout, separate page to add what comes and goes and a dashboard
- [ ] come up with something ok for pages under "Minigames"
- [ ] come up with additional categories and/or pages

## connect to database

- [ ] connect to mongo.db
- [ ] create a structure for user
- [ ] create a structure for notes
- [ ] create a structure for expenses
- [ ] implement something other than nodejs to deal with it? Prisma?

## bugs and things to adjust

- [ ] found an issue where the popover isn't visible when the screen is smaller than 640 pixels. Possible issue within lib wrapper (data-radix-popper-content-wrapper)

Commit message:

ADD drizzle added; db folder added; small adjusts

todo.md, after:

# to do/to update list

will be trying to update this list and adding check boxes - [x] and - [ ]

## Next 14

- [ ] Check new nextjs 14

## Get Session Props

- [x] root layout has to getServerSession() and check if it's auth or not.
- [x] Doing authentication and returning lowest role when no user is logged in (session is null)
- [ ] Rearrange route permissions and add more providers other than Google.
- [ ] Fix and organize code involving roles, permissions, and rendering: "page-maps", "auth-middleware", "global-nav", and "RootLayout".
- [ ] move getServerSession into getServerSideProps() (if possible) or other server sided function.
- [ ] limit getServerSession so it doesn't trigger on every new render.
- [ ] role verification and redirect in case of bypassed access.

## "Decent" design for pages within each section

- [ ] come up with something ok for main root page
- [ ] come up with something ok for pages under "Account"
      --- [ ] simple design for management dashboard
      --- [ ] simple design for acc settings (nexusmods)
      --- [ ] simple design for profile
      --- [ ] simple design for editable/shareable notes (maybe move to another category)
- [ ] come up with something ok for pages under "Expenses"
      --- [ ] redo expenses layout, separate page to add what comes and goes and a dashboard
- [ ] come up with something ok for pages under "Minigames"
- [ ] come up with additional categories and/or pages
- [ ] add QRCode creation (?)

## connect to database

- [ ] connect to mongo.db
- [ ] create a structure for user
- [ ] create a structure for notes
- [ ] create a structure for expenses
- [ ] implement something other than nodejs to deal with it? Prisma? Drizzle

## bugs and things to adjust

- [ ] Replace Next/Iamge for something else so I can add letters as profile image and style easily
- [ ] found an issue where the popover isn't visible when the screen is smaller than 640 pixels. Possible issue within lib wrapper (data-radix-popper-content-wrapper)
